README.md, before:

contineo
========
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gemathon-warriors/contineo.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gemathon-warriors/contineo) [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/contineo.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/contineo)

Hold together all your databases in a rails application with ease!

## Supports

    Rails 3+

## Installation

Add this line to your Rails application's `Gemfile`:

    gem 'contineo'

And then run:

    $ bundle install

## Usage

Convention here is, simply you create configuration sections in database.yml, as:
    
    <db_name_you_call_it>_<environment>
    
and you will get a connection class to this database as:

    DbNameYouCallIt
    
Sample database.yml:

    development:
      adapter: sqlite3
      database: db/development.sqlite3
      pool: 5
      timeout: 5000
    
    # Look at the convention <db_name>_<environment>
    other_development:
      adapter: sqlite3
      database: db/other_whatever_name_of_db.sqlite3
      pool: 5
      timeout: 5000
     
    # Look at the convention <db_name>_<environment>
    another_development:
      adapter: sqlite3
      database: db/another_db.sqlite3
      pool: 5
      timeout: 5000

Now Access db with ease

    # Create your model as:
    class Teacher < Other
    end
    
    class Doctor < Another
    end
    
That's it!

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch - `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes - `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch - `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Updated database supported by Contineo :smile:
thanks for the suggestion @rohandaxini :+1:

README.md, after:

contineo
========
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gemathon-warriors/contineo.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gemathon-warriors/contineo) [![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/contineo.png)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/contineo)

Hold together all your databases in a rails application with ease!

## Supports

    Rails 3+

## Installation

Add this line to your Rails application's `Gemfile`:

    gem 'contineo'

And then run:

    $ bundle install

## Supported Databases

We have tested this with sqlite3 (to make sure it works in development mode), MySQL and Oracle.
Feel free to fork and add the database you have integrated with Contineo in this list!

## Usage

Convention here is, simply you create configuration sections in database.yml, as:
    
    <db_name_you_call_it>_<environment>
    
and you will get a connection class to this database as:

    DbNameYouCallIt
    
Sample database.yml:

    development:
      adapter: sqlite3
      database: db/development.sqlite3
      pool: 5
      timeout: 5000
    
    # Look at the convention <db_name>_<environment>
    other_development:
      adapter: oracle_enhanced
      encoding: utf8
      database: other_whatever_server:port/other_whatever_name_of_db
      username: fake_username
      password: encrypted_password

    # Look at the convention <db_name>_<environment>
    another_development:
      adapter: mysql2
      database: another_db
      username: another_fake_username
      password: another_encrypted_password
      host:  host_name
      pool: 5
      timeout: 5000

Now Access db with ease

    # Create your model as:
    class Teacher < Other
    end
    
    class Doctor < Another
    end
    
That's it!

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch - `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes - `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch - `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Create new Pull Request
